Documentation for Kedro Viz Lite (#2077)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: docs/source/kedro-viz_visualisation.md

To exit the visualisation, close the browser tab. To regain control of the terminal, enter `^+c` on Mac or `Ctrl+c` on Windows or Linux machines.

## Visualise a Kedro project without installing project dependencies

> You can use the experimental `--lite` flag to visualise your pipelines without installing Kedro project dependencies. Add the flag to the command you use to start Kedro-Viz:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the --lite flag to run kedro-viz in lightweight mode, allowing you to visualize your pipelines without installing the full Kedro project dependencies. Add the flag to the command you use to start Kedro-Viz:
```
